good to all welcome to my sixth
video today I bring you more hacks but as
We would go by Jack the Ripper
first of all I wanted to show you that
I have a new acquisition has
come a new focus
Aguatón 4
if the pen has ink but in the
written the only thing we will do will be
we will take a lighter and we will give him lime in
around the tip
dad dad
and now what the fuck is coming
so get in the corner because he's 90
degrees
good if something has ever happened to us
A) Yes
What we will do is remove it with the
half of the egg
good if we ever want to separate the
yolk of an egg either by some subject
culinary because it makes prettier what
only we will need will be a bottle
empty plastic
Look how nice it looks
good and now I will show you the check
star of how not to arrive
of how not to cut an onion
mario fucking impotence
your day
tragic accident a farmer later
in the onion with substrate
or you can put the 15 minutes in the
fridge
or before cutting it under the tap
well this has been all after I wanted
to say that I take the facebook you can
click on the description I'll go
to leave here and well I hope that I have
liked
if so give dan to the subclinical line
bye
of bright
we put the part of the